[docs revamp] Data Migration (#390)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/migration/migrate-tool.md

+++
date = "2017-03-20T22:25:17+11:00"

> title = "SQL data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "MySQL data"
```

weight = 6
[menu.main]
    parent = "migration"
+++

> You can use the Dgraph migration tool to convert the SQL tables into a schema and RDF file, and then load the resulting dataset into Dgraph. In this example, the `Posts` table from `stackoverflow` SQL database is converted and then imported to Dgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Dgraph migration tool to convert a MySQL database tables into a schema and RDF file, and then load the resulting dataset into Dgraph.
```
The rest of the page does not mention the stackoverflow  table. Running dgraph migrate -h provides the help which stipulate that the tool is for MySQL !

2. The predicates representing inter-object relationships, like `posts.OwnerUserId.`, simply have the type
`[uid]`, meaning following the predicate leads us to a set of other objects.

### Using the Migration tool

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the Dgraph migrate tool using this command:

```sh
dgraph migrate [flags]
```

| Flag | Description| 
|---------:|:---------|
| --db string | The database to import|
| -h, --help | help for migrate |
| --host string | The hostname or IP address of the database server. The default is "localhost"|
| -o, --output_data string | The data output file (default "sql.rdf") |
| -s, --output_schema string | The schema output file (default "schema.txt") |
| --password string | The password used for logging in |
| --port string | The port of the database server. (default "3306")|
| -q, --quiet | Enable quiet mode to suppress the warning logs|
| -p, --separator string | The separator for constructing predicate names (default ".")|
| --tables string| The comma separated list of tables to import, an empty string means importing all tables in the database|
| --user string | The user for logging in |
```

1. Create a `config.properties` file that has the following settings and values should not be in quotes:

    ```txt
    user = <SQL_DB_USERNAME> 
    password = <SQL_DB_PASSWORD>
    db = <SQL_DB>
    ```

2. Export the SQL database into `schema.txt` and `sql.rdf` file:

    ```sh
    dgraph migrate --config config.properties --output_schema schema.txt --output_data sql.rdf
    ```

    An output similar to this appears:

    ```txt

>     Dumping table money
>     Dumping table posts
>     Dumping table users
>     Dumping table votes
>     Dumping table comments
>     Dumping table constraints votes
>     Dumping table constraints comments
>     Dumping table constraints money
>     Dumping table constraints posts
>     Dumping table constraints users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Dumping table xyz
    Dumping table constraints xyz
    ...
```
